gh-94619: Remove long deprecated methods module_repr() and load_module() (#94624)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-07-06-14-57-33.gh-issue-94619.PRqKVX.rst

> Remove long deprecated methods `module_repr()` and `load_module()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the long-deprecated `module_repr()` from `importlib`.
```
